As wild as it sounds, today I'm going to
be showcasing how you can actually use a
tool that lets anyone automate basically
every part of a business. Whether that's
operational, marketing, sales, or even
finance, it can genuinely handle all of
it. This is the tool that's called Twin,
the AI company builder, and it's also
today's video sponsor. Right now, most
people still think building AI agents
means writing complex workflows,
connecting APIs, or using tools like
Zapier or NEN that quickly get
overwhelming and technical. But what if
instead of all that, you could just
simply describe what you want in plain
English and an AI agent actually builds,
runs, and manages the entire system for
you autonomously. That is exactly what
Twin does. And it's not just another
chatbot or automation tool. Twin lets
you create fully autonomous AI agents
that can handle real business tasks end
to end like lead generation, customer
support, or even running entire
operations without you touching anything
technical. And just to show you how
crazy this gets, take a look at this.
For example, you can ask Twin to build a
full pool cleaning dispatch service for
hotels. And it doesn't just plan it. It
actually executes each step of how this
business actually functions. Like
finding hotels, reaching out to them,
handles cold outreach, meaning it
actually calls each individual lead. It
tracks the lead as well, schedules jobs,
and even generates invoices
automatically. And that way, you have a
full functional business that was
created in less than a day, completely
autonomous. So, this is what I'm going
to be showcasing how you can set up
throughout today's video. How you can
actually automate almost anything and
build an AI business. If you want the
best AI tools, workflows, and drops
before everyone else, join my free
newsletter with the link in the
description below, which is completely
free. So, to get started, use the link
in the description below to head over to
twin.so. And once you are here, you can
easily create an account completely for
free by clicking on try now. You can
create an account with either your
Google account or with your email
address. And this way you can easily get
started with Twin. After signing up or
creating account, you're going to be
then sent over to the main dashboard of
Twin. This is your mission control. And
this is where you can automate a
ready-made business that you have or
even just automate your day-to-day
tasks. You have two options. You can use
plain English to naturally tell the AI
agent to create a certain automation for
a specific function or you can use
featured agents. And these are
ready-made agents that can automate a
specific function like a CRM sync and
data bridge or you can have a web
scraper agent being cloned from Twin to
automate a certain function of your
business or sending out emails. You have
a lot of different possibilities as to
what you can do. So, for example, if
you're interested in any of these
agents, what you can do is click on the
agent and then you can specify on which
template you want to use and then you
can actually clone the agent. But what's
nice is that they actually provide you a
preview of how that agent functions so
you get a better idea of what it's
actually doing and understand all of its
functionalities. Now, to get started,
you obviously want to work with the
orchestrator. This is something that is
the chat interface and the main control
hub where you can create and manage
multiple agents. It works like a chat
interface with full context of your
system including the agent history and
the state. You can simply describe what
you want it to do like pulling a lead or
sending a report. In this case, I'm
going to tell it to create an autonomous
content repurposing agent that takes a
YouTube video or podcast and turns it
into multiple pieces of content
automatically. Now this is something
that is going to be functioning in a new
workspace which is something that I am
going to talk about because it is
crucial when you're working with twin.
This is where a new workspace helps
structure everything inside twin. It is
used to create separate different areas
of your work whether that is for
clients, business departments or
personal automations. In this case, we
are working on a personal automation of
a specific goal and it is going to help
us categorize this within the workspace.
Think of workspaces as folders for
different AI business systems. But what
I've really like about Twin is it's not
just a simple chatbot. It is an
interactive AI agent working with you to
help you build different components of
whatever you give it. In this case, it
will ask you follow-up questions and
work with you to get the best
configurations outputed. Currently, we
have it working on setting up the
backend for this repurpose agent where
it's going to store the contents on
supp. And you can see that it is asking
for my API. So I'm going to go ahead and
provide it and it is going to
authenticate it and set it up for me
autonomously so that it is able to
create the YouTube transcripts and this
extraction tool will then output the
contents to my suppased database. And
you can see the orchestrator within this
new workspace content and marketing was
able to build out an automation where I
told it that I want to create a
repurposing agent that is going to take
podcast and turn them into multiple
pieces of content automatically. So
thanks to twin, it has created a system
that is able to essentially use the
orchestrator any single time
autonomously so that it is able to turn
podcast clips or even YouTube videos
into transcripts that another agent can
create these Tik Tok and Instagram
clips. And you can see how organized
everything is within this preview. And
once approved, I can then send it back
to Twin to focus on the other components
of this automation. And what I like
about Twin is that you can work on
multiple workspaces simultaneously.
Meaning that you can run multiple agents
asynchronously. And once any of the
agents finish a task, you can head over
to the feed to see what the particular
agent is focusing on. And you can see
that you can visualize the run as well.
You have the ability to see what it's
asking for in this current moment. So in
this case, it's asking for a couple
things within the content and marketing
workspace, which is to actually create
either a UI interface for the agent. You
can set up a trigger to run
autonomously, or you can just simply run
it autonomously occasionally. So what
I'm going to do is actually create a UI
interface for the agent. And Twin is
actually going to set this up for you.
So it's easier for you to interact with
this content and marketing workflow or
automation it had created thanks to the
orchestrator. This is a way for you to
get a responsive UI preview of whatever
it is generating. And there we go. We
have a preview of this agent dashboard
which is going to showcase all of our
sources, key ideas, and quotes that the
AI automation script sets up for us.
This way we can repurpose it in a way
for another AI agent to actually create
those videos based off the transcript or
YouTube link or podcast we provide to
our automation. So, let's actually test
this out. I'm going to go ahead and copy
a URL of my own video and then I'm going
to head over to my Twin Workspace. And
what I can do is paste in this URL,
submit it to the Twin agent, and it is
going to actually create that clip for
me. And obviously, you can set up a
fullon automation where it autonomously
scrapes new videos that are posted on my
channel, sends it to my Gmail, and then
once I approve it from my Gmail, I can
then have it post it autonomously.
There's a lot of different automation
techniques that you can set up with
Twin. But this is the current workflow I
have where I paste in a URL, it then
creates the clip, and then it's sent to
my Gmail. And just like that, Twin was
able to then email me all three viral
clips. And it is something that also
provides me the files for each of the
clips that it has snipped from that
notebook LM videos. So let's now take a
look at what it had generated. Google
has officially integrated Notebook LM
directly into the Gemini app ecosystem.
And this completely changes how you use
it. So now instead of treating the
Gemini app as well as notebook LM as
separate tools, notebook LM's
capabilities are now directly built
within the Gemini app. Meaning if you
are to expand the menu on the left hand
panel, that right there was created with
Twin. So essentially I have created an
automation that I can run recursively
any time with the schedule system built
within Twin. And that way I can have it
so that whenever I post a new video, it
is going to scrape the URL. It's going
to then create the videos using Twin.
And you saw how qualitative that video
was. Not just that, I built a new
redefined agent interface so that
whenever I paste in a new video, it's
able to then provide me all of the clips
that I can view directly from the
interface. Now, we have two different
agents. the reals Tik Tok creator and
then the content repurposer which runs
basically new ways for you to extract
YouTube transcripts and then that feeds
it over to the reals in Tik Tok creator
that's essentially going to use these
different tools to help you generate the
videos. All right, let's now build
something more practical. An entire AI
agency built by Twin. And this is where
I'm going to specify that I want to
build an autonomous B2B lead generation
agency within a new workspace. And I
want it so that it should find
businesses that need services like web
design, marketing, and automation.
Collect their contact information, send
a personalized cold email, follow up
automatically, have it track the replies
in a spreadsheet, and book meetings into
a calendar when prospects show interest.
Also, send me daily reports with new
leads, responses, and book calls. This
is essentially a fullon agency that I'm
going to create autonomously. And right
away, it is going to ask me a couple of
follow-up questions as to how I want to
set this up. What I really like about
Twin is how easy it is to work with it.
For example, asking it what sort of
emails should be sent, where it should
be sent, who to actually target. These
are specific questions that it'll ask
you. And once you provide those
specifications, it'll set up the fullon
business for you. And this is something
that is super helpful because you can
essentially build out an automation and
agency like this without hiring a sales
team or doing cold outreach yourself.
This is an agent that takes care of the
whole pipeline. So before confirming to
move on, this is where it has already
found 20 public business leads
discovered by Appify Lead Finder. This
is where it was able to find actually
the website as well as the different
contact names. Now for the best usage
approach, the best results come from
giving clear detailed instructions along
with relevant context or data. You have
the ability to even upload your own
items and files so that you're able to
provide more clarity, more accurate and
powerful automations. It's also
requested that before you deploy your
24/7 employee, your AI employee that is
running in the background, make sure you
check each and every component, making
sure that all the functions of each
individual agent are working, making
sure that the triggers work, the
schedules are testing properly. And you
can easily invoke it within the
orchestrator by telling it that I want
to test out the sales or lead generation
agent or this workspace where I have the
reals or the content strategy agent. I
want to test it out and this way you'll
get a better understanding of how the
agent is performing or to just simply
see if it is functioning properly. And
just like that we have automated a
fullon AI agency that something that I
had created with an AI. It has handled
the whole pipeline where it reaches out
to leads. It even contacts them. It even
sets up calls and it is even able to
even focus on the post-processing. a
full endto-end pipeline generated by
Twin. Let's take a look at all the leads
it has contacted. Every day I have it
set so that it reaches out to 20 leads,
which is obviously nothing, but it is a
test. Right now, this is where it sends
me a daily report. It shows me all of
the different leads that it has
contacted. And lastly, it books a
meeting for me. So, this way, I can go
into these different meetings to secure
the lead. And I have it set so that this
agent is going to do this every single
day at 900 a.m. You can set this trigger
by obviously speaking to the
orchestrator, but I have it set so that
it is running every single day at 9:00
a.m. I even created an interface which
gives me a good understanding of the
total leads. I have two people who are
interested, 18 people who haven't
replied. So this gives me a good
understanding if my current pitch is
working or not. This is the capability
of Twin. It isn't just another
automation tool, guys. 100% capable
running by AI agents. So, if you want to
describe the outcome, Twin is something
that lets you build and run the entire
operation for you. And it's something
that I highly recommend that you take a
look at with the links in the
description below as this is something
that you can get started for completely
for free. But with that thought, thanks
for watching. Make sure you go ahead and
subscribe to the second channel, join
the newsletter, join the Discord, follow
me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you
guys subscribe, turn on notification
bell, like this video, and please take a
look at our previous videos so that you
can definitely stay up to date with
whatever is happening in the world of
AI. But with that thought, guys, have an
amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll
see you guys really shortly. He suffers.